From an early age, I’ve been fascinated by the limitless possibilities of technology and the creative potential it holds. Whether it’s solving complex problems and challenges, exploring new things, my curiosity and passion for learning have always pushed me to explore different fields and improve my skills.

I earned my BSc in Computer Science & Engineering from Patuakhali Science & Technology University in Patuakhali, Bangladesh, where I developed a deep interest in research, competitive programming and research. These interests shaped my career and continue to fuel my academic journey.

My teaching career began at the University of Scholars, where I worked as a Lecturer from nov 2023 until June 202. In July 2024,, I joined Bangladesh University of Business and Technology (BUBT) as a Lecturer in Computer Science & Engineering , where I continue to share my knowledge and inspire the next generation of engineers.

Outside of academics, I have participated in various activities, such as the Math Olympiad, Science Fairs, and many others, which helped shape my problem-solving and critical thinking skills.I have also been actively involved in volunteering, which has enhanced my leadership, communication, and teamwork skills.
I look forward to the future with excitement, as I continue to explore new opportunities, challenge myself, and contribute to advancements in technology and research.

My favourite pastime is to read books and gardening.I like to communicate with people and make friends.


Academic Background at a Glance
B.Sc. Engg. (CSE)January 2018 — October 2023
B.Sc. in Computer Science and Engineering ( Dean’s List last three Semesters ) Cumulative GPA: 3.84/4.00 (Rank: 1/49)

HSC|2017| Barishal Govt. women’s College 
•	Major:  Science.
•	GPA: 4.83 (Scale of 5.00).  
SSC|2015|Banaripara Secondary Girls’ School
•	Major: Science.
•	GPA: 5.00 (Scale of 5.00).  
Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) 2018- Baishal Board, GPA: 4.83/5.00
Secondary School Certificate (SSC) 2016- Dhaka Board, GPA: 5.00/5.00 (Awarded Government Merit Scholarship)